Create postgresql-cve-check.md (#86)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/advisors/checks/postgresql-cve-check.md

# Check for security vulnerabilities 

## Description

This check will scan the running postgres version and patch release for security vulnerabilities posted on the Postgresql Security Information Page.  If there are any known vulnerabilities affecting the checked instance, the CVE  details will be reported. 

## Resolution

> It is advisable to update the existing version of Postgres to the patch level which addresses the CVE reference for the running instance of Postgres.  Compare the CVE reference provided in the advisor check to those on the security page located here https://www.postgresql.org/support/security/ and take the necessary action to fix the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona recommends updating the existing version of PostgreSQL to the patch level which addresses the CVE reference for the running instance of PostgreSQL.  

Compare the CVE reference provided in the Advisor check to those on the [security page](https://www.postgresql.org/support/security/ ), and take the necessary actions to fix the issue.
```

# Security vulnerabilities 

## Description

> This check scans the running PostgreSQL version and patch release for security vulnerabilities listed on the PostgreSQL Security Information Page.  If any known vulnerabilities affect the checked instance, the CVE details will be reported. 

Reviewer 2: I would add a link 
```suggestion
This check scans the running PostgreSQL version and patch release for security vulnerabilities listed on the [PostgreSQL Security Information Page](https://www.postgresql.org/support/security/).  If any known vulnerabilities affect the checked instance, the CVE details will be reported. 
```

## Resolution

Percona recommends updating the existing version of PostgreSQL to the patch level which addresses the CVE reference for the running instance of PostgreSQL.  

> Compare the CVE reference provided in the Advisor check to those on the [security page](https://www.postgresql.org/support/security/ ), and take the necessary actions to fix the issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compare the CVE references provided in the Advisor check to those on the [security page](https://www.postgresql.org/support/security/), and take the necessary actions to fix the issue.
```
